# Changes in v2.1.0.1

## Additional Features
- Improve performace by upgrading framework
- Make it easier to update via the new auto updater in windows. Also shows change log before asking to update.
- Add mod actions panel, a set of buttons in the mod's expander that allow you to
  - Get shareable link of that mod.
  - Reset the mod.
  - Report an error in the mod. 
  - Open the folder of the mod.
  - Edit the mod's global settings file.
- Sort mods in whats new tab by date.
- Add info panel with relevant links and launch vanilla/modded game
- Add French Translations (by @Dastan21).
- Add enable all bulk action.
- Add URL scheme handling for linux.
- Add ability to provide custom download urls in download command.
- Add url scheme to remove global settings.

## Bug Fixes
- Fix the issue where scarab sometimes freezes on load.
- Prevent occasional random crashes on load.
- Fix the issue where toggling a mod causes it to appear in both mods folder and disabled folder.
- Fix pinned mods
  - Fix not in modlinks mods pinned status not being reset.
  - Fix removed mods pinned status not being removed.
- Fix manually installed button
  - Ensure only 1 mod exists by deleting old if exists.
  - Ensure the mod state is correct after placing it.
- Fix mod filter button showing selected when its not.
- Fix not installed mods showing in ask prompt for uninstalled unused dependencies.
- Don't delete log files in reset url scheme which causes resetting to always show an error.
- Get correct vanilla assembly for each os on disable API

## QoL Changes
- Improve path selector.
- New install and update button UI.
- Ability to register mod as not from modlinks by right clicking it.
- When updating, disable use of Install/Enable/Update buttons

## Credits
- [TheMulhima](https://github.com/TheMulhima) - Most of the changes.
- [Dastan21](https://github.com/Dastan21) - French Translation.
- [luiz_eldorado](https://github.com/luizeldorado) - Portuguese translations.
- [Clazex](https://github.com/Clazex) - Chinese translations.
